Falcon UI (docs) (#115)
deity-io/falcon: packages/falcon-ui/src/theme/responsiveprops.mdx

---
name: Responsive props
route: /responsive-props
order: 0
---
import { Playground } from 'docz';
import { Box, GridLayout, Divider, Button } from '@deity/falcon-ui';
import { ResponsivePropsTable, ViewThemeSection } from 'docs';

# Responsive theme-based props

## Introduction

> All **`@deity/falcon-ui`** components accept, responsive, theme-based style props which offer easy to use, flexible yet consistent styling customization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All **`@deity/falcon-ui`** components accept responsive, theme-based style props which offer easy to use, flexible yet consistent styling customization.
```

Responsive, theme-based style props can be used inline on component:

```javascript
  <Button px="lg" bg="primaryLight">Hello</Button>
```

or defined in theme:

```javascript
const theme = createTheme({
  components: {
    button: {
      px: 'lg',
      bg: 'primaryLight'
    }
  }
});
```

> All of `@deity/falcon-ui` components come with default theme which can be overriden as shown in example above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of `@deity/falcon-ui` components come with default theme which can be overridden as shown in the example above.
```

<br/>
<br/>

<Playground>
  <Box my="lg">
      Responsive theme-based style props playground
  </Box>

  <GridLayout gridGap="lg" gridTemplateColumns="1fr 1fr">
      <Box p="md" bg="primary" color="primaryText" mt="md">Item1</Box>
      <Box p="md" bg="primaryDark" fontSize="xxl">Item2</Box>
      <Box p="md" bg="secondary" boxShadow="subtle">Item3</Box>
      <Box p="md" bg="secondaryLight" borderRadius="round">Item4</Box>
  </GridLayout>
</Playground>

## Responsive notation
All of the responsive theme-based props work seamlessy with `breakpoints` defined in `Theme`.

<ViewThemeSection section="breakpoints">
  view available theme breakpoints
</ViewThemeSection>

> Simply pass object as responsive prop value with it's keys being breakpoints keys defined in `Theme` and values being property values to have responsive prop that changes based on 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply pass an object as responsive prop value with its keys being breakpoints keys defined in `Theme` and values being property values to have a responsive prop that changes based on 
```
